c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\WebCam.exe.config
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\WebCam.exe
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\WebCam.pdb
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.exe
c:\users\samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.pdb
C:\Users\Samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
C:\Users\Samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
C:\Users\Samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
C:\Users\Samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.pdb
C:\Users\Samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
C:\Users\Samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.pdb
C:\Users\Samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
C:\Users\Samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
C:\Users\Samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Emgu.CV.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\Samsung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
C:\Users\Samsung\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
D:\Универ\ДИПЛОМ УАХАХАХА\ДП\FaceRecog\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\WebCam.exe.config
D:\Универ\ДИПЛОМ УАХАХАХА\ДП\FaceRecog\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.exe
D:\Универ\ДИПЛОМ УАХАХАХА\ДП\FaceRecog\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.pdb
